# 2024/06/10

> List of attendees: pariffin, akinzon, avsbq

# To cover

- Egg is more tactile
	- Children bonding
	- History
	- Drawbacks, gesso, varnish, drying period

- How to write code in markdown
	- ascii art
	- vim indentation magic

- [chinese](https://language.avsbq.org/chinese/src/too-little)
	- How to unconsciously think this?
	- Calling siblings with "来了"

- Best way to improve typing speed?
	- does practicing common affix/suffix/prefix help?
	- must one use all fingers?
	- Who is Sean Wrona? (The man behind the meme) Why Sean Wrona doesn't?
	- 'monkeytype.com', 'keybr.com', 'dvorak.nl'
	- why does 'monkeytype' get hate? is practicing common words only bad

- Why does the 'esterline' have a 'double-click' button?
	- Place cursor outside text, then 'copy'
	- Does the plastic case, really prevent misclicks?

- 'The Unix Philosophy'
	- Fast food the UNIX way 
	- Unix in Africa
	- Unix haters handbook
	- Plan9 

- What is 'gnu' and the 'fsf'
	- What is 'libre' software

- Work on [cv](https://pariffin.org/.cv)
	- '.ps' and '.txt'

- Using unix pipes
	- ls | grep "lamb"
	- ls -a | wc -l, etc.
	- history

- Optimising find file script
	- Excludes all: '.webp', '.pdf', '.gif' and all files in '.git' directories
	- How many files difference has this made?
	- Why can scripts be stored in /sbin?
	- Why am I no longer using 'bat'
	- Problems with 'bat' e.g. waste time with colour palette, too many options

- What is a leader key?
	- Why do I use 'space' + 'd', 'h' and 't' in vim?
	- Discuss the positioning of 'space' and said letters on the 'maltron 2d'

- Using grep to find specific info in text, without opening an editor
	- Using grep on every chinese file to find a line with certain word
	- grep -F '.webp' index.md
	- Don't 'cat' into 'grep'

- Review all new Chinese pages

- Benefits of remote mounting
	- CJK characters etc

- What is 'zerox' in acme

- 'tt' typing test 
	- written in golang
	- notheme is best theme

## Talking points

- Looking at 'atuin' and 'clifm'
	- shell history

- Discuss how to make avs the 'universal' 'final' editor
	- Looking at xfk.md
	- Stealing idea's from acme
	- Looking at ideal hand position, regardless of dvorak and qwerty,
	- How do hands naturally rest

- Submarines and touch screens	
	- [reading](http://xahlee.info/kbd/navy_touchscreen.html)

- Do 'mouse' manufacturers take into account humans?
	- Why is the 'G502' right side is longer?
	- Looking at the 'commodore' ergo
	- Looking at 'vertical' mice and 'roller' mouse
	- More rant on idocy of mice wheel, wheel can't spin LOL	
	- Imagine Henry Ford's model T wheels couldn't spin

- Image metadata 
	- [reading](https://archive.avsbq.org/misc/cache/impact-of-metadata-on-image-performance/)

- Play with track scroll mouse

- Taking a second look at 'low tech magazine'
	- Is 'dithering' jarring?

- Why foot pedals suck eggs
	- With one exception, scroll wheel while both hands are occupied	
- Hover to click is best for pausing videos
	- Light nudge

- '.html' fun
	- Why is the 'marquee' tag still supported?

- Looking at the 'rev' unix command

- Ransom notes and printer dots
	- [donate](https://avsbq.org/.donate)

- Idiocy and cultish 'mirage' of r/unixporn
	- Look at [rice page](https://archive.avsbq.org/misc/personal/desktops/)
	- History of term 'ricing' 
	- Why wallpaper is no good, eye-candy, colour matching etc.

- Idiocy of keyboard 'enthusiasts'
	- Damage done by people like [glarses](https://www.youtube.com/@Glarses/videos)
	- Damage done by [Hipyo Tech](https://www.youtube.com/@HipyoTech/shorts)
	- Do these people really type a lot?
	- What innovation have they contributed?
	- Look at 'nob' wheel trend
	- [source](http://xahlee.info/kbd/keyboard_volume_wheel.html)
	- Idiocy surrounding '60' percent board, layers
	- Former love the 'niz' keyboard
	- [this](https://youtube.com/shorts/w4piHZjysEs?si=6eTdekBYEmxuWgL5) man cannot type, but knob as button interesting
	- same as a car review channel that can't park
	- why even spotlight all this?
	- harm done by Luke Smith and thinkpad cult [link](https://avsbq.org/log/idiocy-of-keyboard-people)

- Looking at PennyGiles joystick

- Good done by 'gamers'
	- Obsession of lightweight gaming mouse
	- Normalise many keys and custom mapping on mice
	- asian and white guy who modded the g502

- Idiocy of computer illiteracy
	- python script to replicate 'nl' or 'core utils'

- Should all netizen's host their own 'instance's'
	- Have all site pioneers done harm?
	- Is PeerTube good?

- 'emacs' pinky
	- [palm press](http://xahlee.info/kbd/how_to_press_control_key.html)

- theory on friendships
	- utility and satisfaction

- idiocy of 'blogging' sites
	- e.g. 'substack', 'blogger', 'tumblr'

- hackertyper.com

- Great font change??
	- Why do old exam papers use serif fonts

- Looking at some terms
	- 'netizen', 'denizen', 'webmaster', 'webring'

- Most beautiful android gesture
	- Idiocy of android bottom navigation bar

- Uses for maltron triangle
	- Trackball or touchpad

- Interesting rio observation
	- Windows still scrollable and clickable when not in 'focus'
	- But not with right click, possiblities?
	- Does sowm handle this better
	- What is the optimum window placement, four corners, overlapping slightly?

- Looking at the vultr console
	- playing with wsconsctl keyboard.repeat.del1= deln=
	- del1 sets the initial delay before repeating starts in mili
	- repeat.deln sets the delay between repeats

- Powershell

- Drawing study
	- What does '2,3,4,5,6B' mean?
	- [Source](https://iconography.avsbq.org/ico/theotokos.webp)
	- Lies told by artist and non artist
	- How to achive mirror like reflection on bottom?
	- Timeline of progression

- Xbows might be best!
	- Web software?

- Maltron bespoke keyboard

- Finally freeing myself from Android
	- What's in the road ahead?
	- Removing myself from Google Drive

- Morally compromised people
	- Based 'Arch' Linux chad bought iPhone 12 and 15 pro and M1 MacBook?
	- Three pronged approach when evaluating software
	- Look at Stallman on usesthis.com
	- Idiocy of justifying mac usage

- Predator caught by idiosyncracies
	- Hiya's, four wheel drive forum

- Investigate if file permissions cause software bloat


picom --config give pathway
u

- Kernel does too much
	- AMD, bluetooth, wifi etc

- legacy 'fortune' command
	- System 7 UNIX
	- how to create .dat file
	- it prints cringe fortunes
	- politics of 9front

grep "mistreatment" *.md

https://www.menuetos.net/screens.htm

how do different operating systems handle spaces in file names

make anime section in pariffin.org with anime appropriate and best for children to view

best way to put xkeys  position wise

cockpit philosophy https://forum.trackballs.eu/viewtopic.php?t=96

look at corehandlers editing werc, make video editing werc,  make video editing  werc nav bar

how usable is avsbq.org under the links terminal browser
make this part three of universal catholic stylesheet, home end keys page up page down work

resize with tmux pane
[death](https://arc.avsbq.org/mis/per/web/death)
idiocy of splintering standards, text unicode zhong wen chrome extension

## If there is time

- How to mount android on Linux
	- sudo 'mounter' 
	- Refresh with ctrl + r
	- Idiocy of my file transfer attempt with Discord
	- More rant on my personal idiocy with file deletion attempt
	- Why faster to use local system tools to manage android files
040706014
	- Batch delete, automate file conversion, upload to other remote server

- Powershell on linux?
	- pwsh
	- ask Kofo and Arif to demonstrate powershell

- 'lf' file manager
	- Progress bar

- What is a relay server, github gitlab, cgit, gitea, 

- What makes a server slow
	- Open paranthesis etc
